Alright, Races

Any in the Basic Rules, Player's Handbook, Sword Coast Adventurer's Guide, Spelljammer. And the following:

Aasimar as in Monsters of the Multiverse
Any Genasi as in Monsters of the Multiverse
Changeling as in Monsters of the Multiverse 

Traveler
Travelers don’t live together in communities. In fact, many travelers go their whole lives without
meeting anyone else like them. Some don’t even know that they are travelers. The commonality
shared by each is a birthmark of thin lines tracing across their body. The design’s similarity to a map
is impossible to ignore.
The map design doesn’t usually correspond with anything near where the traveler was born or that
anyone is able to recognize. As the traveler grows into adulthood, they begin feeling a subtle but
constant yearning to travel to a distant, mysterious location. Some choose to ignore it. Others believe
that the design is their destiny. These latter leave their families and seek out the source of their
birthright. Such travelers might journey alone or join with other explorers

     Traits
Ability Score Increase. Your Constitution, Wisdom, and Charisma scores increase by 1.

Age. Travelers reach adulthood in their late teens. PC travelers typically live for nearly a hundred years,
if they avoid misadventure.

Size. Travelers have the blended attributes of their human parents, and thus usually vary between
5 and 6 feet tall (but there are outliers.) Regardless of your position in that range, your size is Medium.

Speed. Your base walking speed is 30 feet.

Map to Otherwhere. Whenever you finish a long rest, you can use an action to find the shortest, most
direct physical route to the nearest extraplanar portal, magic item that grants planar travel, Path
token, or other method for being transported to another plane of existence (unless the location of
the portal or item is warded against divination). The route is revealed to you on the skin of your forearm
or palm in glowing lines. You gain no additional knowledge of your destination (such as where the
portal might lead), but when you get to within 60 feet of it, the door, item, or object that you have
a fix on is limned in silvery light that only you can see. You retain the fix until you finish your next long rest.

Terrain Sense. You add your proficiency bonus to checks made to find your way through unfamiliar territory.

Planar Resilience. Your connection to the planes, however unconscious, grants you a mental bulwark
to fall back on when your mind might otherwise succumb. If you would fail an Intelligence, Wisdom, or
Charisma saving throw, roll 1d6 and add it to your total, as the map lines on your skin take on a dim, brief glow.
If the result is equal to or higher than the saving throw DC, you succeed on the saving throw. You can use
this on every qualifying saving throw unless you are stunned or unconscious.
You can use this feature a number of times equal to your proficiency bonus, and you regain all expended
uses when you finish a long rest.

Light the Way. You know the light cantrip. Charisma is your spellcasting ability for it. When you use it,
the light is produced from the lines etched on your forearm, palm, or back of your hand.

Fall Into Map. Starting at 3rd level, if something especially dangerous threatens you, you can briefly
flee into an extraplanar dimension hiding in the map on your skin. Using your bonus action, you disappear
in a blaze of light emanating from your skin design, gone for all practical purposes until the beginning of
your next turn. During your absence, you reside in a plane consisting only of the glowing lines of your map
receding to infinity. You can take one action before you reappear in the space you departed, or the closest
empty space. You can use Fall Into Map a number of times equal to half your proficiency bonus (unless your
speed has been reduced to 0) between each long rest.
