Allowed Classes and Notes

Straight out of the Player's Handbook +
Artificer | Barbarian | Bard | Cleric | Druid | Fighter | Monk | Paladin | Ranger | Rogue | Sorcerer | Warlock | Wizard

Artificer
Additional Skill options: 
Weapons - Add all side arms and rifles

Fighter 
Weapons - Add all side arms and rifles
New Martial Archetype
- Chaos Blade
     3rd CB feature - Weapon of Chaos - as bonus action, form any weapon you are proficient with. Persist while wielded or beginning of next turn if released.
     Chaos Ammo can be created as well. Weapon inficts normal damage, on critical hit the damage type is choosen from acid, cold, fire, lightning, thunder, or
     normal.
     3rd feature - Chaotic Sheath - infuse any weapon or unarmed with chaotic energy and on crit choose the type of damage.
     7th Chaos Surge - critical hit with weapon on 19 or 20
     7th feature - Wings of Chaos - Gain flying equal to 2x walking until end of current turn. Wings of Chaos can be fueled by exhaustion: 1 min/level of
     exhaustion. Wings can only be used once between a short or long rest, unless levels of exhaustion are spent.
     10th CB feature - Protective Chaos - create swirling ribbons of unstable light and material, granting +1 bonus to AC and Dex saving throws, add damage
     resistance to acid, cold, fire, lightning. Costs are the same as Wings of Chaos.
     15th - Chaos Ball- Fireball as chaos energy, using Wisdom for spellcasting. Damage is combo of acid, cold, fire, lightning and thunder. If a target 
     is vulnerable to any one of these elements, it is vulnerable to the full damage amount, as if the chaos ball consisted of just that element. However,
     if a target is resistant or immune to one or more of the elements making up the attack, they must be resistant or immune to all of the elements to 
     gain that benefit. Cost as Wings.
     18th - Walking Chaos - hybrid of flesh and chaos. 
     
Cleric 
- New domain - Multiverse 
     Cleric Level Spells
     1st color spray, heroism
     3rd fey crossing, portal disappointment
     5th bind to dimension, unleash doom
     7th banishment, locate creature
     9th contact other plane, planar binding
     
     1st level Favor of the Multiverse - The multiverse’s favor is powerful, but it doesn’t reside on any one being for long. You can increase 
     the odds of its favor by selecting one creature within 30 feet of you (including you) as your action. For the next ten minutes (or until you ask 
     for the Favor of the Multiverse again), up to once per turn when a favored creature rolls an attack, ability check, or saving throw, it can roll 
     a d6. On a roll of 1 to 5, the creature adds that number to their d20 roll. On a roll of 6, they gain no benefit this round. You can use this 
     feature a number of times equal to your proficiency bonus, and you regain all expended uses when you finish a long rest.
     2nd - Learn from Yourself - You can use your Channel Divinity to make a connection across the multiverse to a parallel version of yourself 
     that knows what you don’t. As an action, choose one skill or tool. For 10 minutes, you have proficiency with that skill or tool.
     6th Travel the Muliverse
     8th Spellcasting in the Muliverse
     17 Perfect Self
     
Rogue 
Additional Skill options: 
Weapons - Add all side arms
New Archetypes
Shadow Stiched - Rogues exposed to the multiverse quickly grasp the vast panoply of riches that could be theirs. Including, a wealth of spiritual 
     treasure is available in the form of creatures from other realities. Some rogues learn how to summon these creatures’
     essences by reaching through the dimensions. Once called, an extraplanar being can be quickly “stitched” to the rogue’s own shadow, giving 
     the rogue new abilities drawn from across the multiverse.
     3 - Extraplanar shadow, choose an extraplanar creature as stiched into the PC's shadow it resizes to that of the character. The new shadow has
     a pseudo life of it's own, a number of d6s equal to 2x your proficiency bonus granting the shadow variious abilities. You regain all your 
     expended Stitched Life dice when you finish a long rest. In addition, as a bonus action, you can regain one expended Stitched Life die, but 
     you can’t do so again until you finish a short or long rest. When you reach certain levels in this class, the size of your Stitched Life 
     dice increases at 5th level(d8), 11th level (d10), and 17th level (d12).
     > Shadow's Helping Hand - add a stiched life die result to an ability check you have proficiency with.
     > Shadow's stealthy Action - spend a Stictched life die to have your shadow manipulate and ojbect in 30ft, or use thieves's tools in 30ft.
     > Shadow's teath - have your shadow attack, add the result of a Stitched life die to your attack roll. 
     9- Shadow Switch - Send your shadow to an unoccupied space in 60ft on arrival you instantly teleport there with it, giving you advantage on first
     melee attack you make
     13 - Shadow Glide
     17 - Manifest Monster
     
Bard
Additional Skill options:
Weapons - Add all side arms and rifles


Wizard
Additional Skill options: 

Ranger
Weapons - Add all rifles

